Working Mode: clarify that major changes warrant additional time (#107)
whatwg/sg: Working Mode.md

* It should have corresponding test changes, either in the form of new tests or modifications to existing tests.
* Implementations bugs must be filed for each user agent that fails tests. (This is each user agent that doesn’t match the proposed changes. If the test changes are not adequate to reveal that, but it’s known through other means, the tests should be improved first.)
* It should have been reviewed by one or more members of the community.

>    * For major changes enough time should have passed for review and appeal by the larger community. Generally 7 [Days](./IPR%20Policy.md#29-day) is considered sufficient.

Author: ```suggestion
   * For major changes wider input should be sought and it is therefore recommended to let some more time pass for review.
```

* It should have corresponding test changes, either in the form of new tests or modifications to existing tests.
* Implementations bugs must be filed for each user agent that fails tests. (This is each user agent that doesn’t match the proposed changes. If the test changes are not adequate to reveal that, but it’s known through other means, the tests should be improved first.)
* It should have been reviewed by one or more members of the community.

>    * For major changes wider input should be sought and it is therefore recommended to let some more time (typically a week or more) pass for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * For major changes wider input should be sought and it is therefore recommended to let some more time (typically a week or more) pass for review.
```
